---
layout: post
title:  "My Landlord from Hell"
date:   2024-11-24 2:00 PM
tags: [general]
---


Imagine you wake up to pee, and as you get back into bed about to drift
off to sleep you hear *duhduhduh*. You get out of bed and wonder where
its coming from, leaving your room and walking around your new apartment
to find the source. You no longer hear it in the living room, so you
think it's nothing, get back in bed to realize you are wide awake and
the sun is now coming up.

That's been my life for the past 3 months. In a normal situation, you
call up your landlord and tell them about this annoying neighbor you
have, keeping you up at night. Only to find out that the loud neighbor
is your landlord.

I have called my landlord late into the night out of annoyance to tell
him to turn his tv down, with success until he started getting annoyed
at me.

As I work from home, I noticed the noise of the tv during the day, but
living in a city there's bound to be constant noise, so I ignored it.
Until I stopped sleeping.

The only time I could sleep was when I was so sleep deprived that I
could hear nothing/ Once I slept a few hours and ears started working
again, I couldn't sleep a wink.

So you might say, get over it, and over it I tried. I have lived in a
loud city and multiple different cities at that, all with loud cars,
sirens, parties, crackheads, roommates, etc, I am used to it all.

Except this.

I bought Loop earplugs that would work as long as I didn't move a
centimeter throughout the night. Otherwise, they would quickly slip out
of my ears and the hell work would begin.

I laid at night trying to get used to the noise, to no avail.

There were some nights I slept amazing and then one bad night would wipe
all my progress. I'm unsure if he disappeared or decided on a lower
volume those peaceful nights, but it became an almost torture, not
knowing when or if I would be able to sleep.

Now if the story ended there, maybe this would be an annoying
afterthought, but no it didn't stop there.

As this progressed, my landlord asked me into his apartment to listen to
the TVs, which is a incredibly weird request. Smelled of rancid
cigarettes, charmed news reporters, while a creepy old man asks me to
sit down. "You know I'm a movie maker, I make movies".

*Why does this old man need to brag to a college student about this? If
you made anything worth anything you wouldn't need to brag to a random
tenant.*

As time progressed, I started recording the noise, my iPhone microphone
was purely terrible, but it did just barely catch the sound coming from
below.

Then he would come up to my apartment to check out the sound, and ask
"Can you hear it? I can't hear it."

Mind you he is at least 60 years old and seems to shout at his normal
speaking voice. I could hear it, my roommate could hear it and my friend
that stayed over for a few days also heard it. He didn't believe any of
us.

Also whenever he came up I asked him to take off his shoes as I have no
shoe policy. He had the most grotesque wooden looking nails and never
wore socks.

There would be times, three or four am in the morning I would walk
downstairs and her the TV blasting so loud from his apartment door that
I thought he was awake having a conversation with someone. He gaslit me
so much, I would check the front door of the apartment building to see
if there were any loud cars playing music or something else that could
possibly be making the noise. I would open the door to pure silence, we
lived on a pretty quiet street. I would close my window next to my bed
to confirm it wasn't some outside noise.

And yet, it never ended.

On the third or fourth time of him coming up to my apartment, he came up
asked "Can you hear anything?" and I sighed. He yelled and screamed at
me, "Why are you so disrespectful?", left my apartment, slammed the
door, huffing and puffing down the stairs.

That freaked me out, my friend was on a call and heard everything and
she became scared for safety. I became scared of this man that had
access to my apartment.

He called my mother. To rant to her about her own child.

He had her information because my mom is a co-signer on the apartment.
Imagine your boss calling up your parent or partner to tell them how
terrible of an employee you are. That just crosses way too many
boundaries. My mom isn't my guardian as I'm an adult and living in this
apartment. Insane behavior to call an adult's parent to tell on them.

One day I call him, and I ask him about the sound, and he says "You need
to get over this, you are so used to getting your way, but not anymore
not with me. I own \[some amount of properties\] and \[some amount of
tenants\]" . I responded back, "No, you have always gotten your own
way", he proceeded to scold me and get mad, so I hung up on him.

This scary old man that has too much access, is hungry with power
continues to live rent free in my head. I am using my blog as outlet for
the uncomfortableness he has made me felt. The anxiety of him coming
into my apartment and hurting me is a genuine fear of mine that I think
about as I try to go to sleep every night. I have more to say, but this
is all for now.
