---
layout: post
title:  "Why I transitioned to Physical Media"
date:   2024-10-24 7:22 PM
tags: [general]
---

**Why did I start my transition to physical media?**

### 1.  **I don't want to pay for subscriptions, period.**

With companies now enforcing accounts to be within a household. A
Netflix household used to be anyone using that account information. A
Netflix household is now users using a Netflix account under the same
Wi-Fi. I am no longer under the same Wi-Fi for some of the accounts that
I hold. Once, I started realizing the services that I use, the costs
started adding up. Let's say Netflix, Hulu, Disney, Max, and Spotify,

Netflix (no ads) - \$15.49

Disney, Hulu, Max (no ads) - \$ 30.49

Spotify (no ads) - \$11.99

= \$57.47

Not even including the Peacock, DirectTV, Paramount Plus, Amazon Prime,
and probably more that I don't know about. (YouTube Premium)

I like to spend my money in the amount of meals I could buy instead. I
could buy 4 CAVA bowls instead and my personal opinion is more worth it.

### 2.  **Why pay for a subscription when it is not guaranteed to have your favorite content forever?**

Losses:

Community from Netflix

The Office from Netflix

Shark boy and lava girl Netflix

Futurama Netflix

Maybe this is a Netflix problem, or maybe I mostly use Netflix, but I've
also seen this happen on Spotify as well

Hey Daze on Spotify, lost around 30-40 songs

They also have some great shows that I love:

Bridgerton (Queen Charlotte)

BoJack Horsemen

Ultimatum

Arcane

and more

I don't want to discount these platforms for the amazing shows they have
created and that they deserve the credit in putting out amazing shows.
Some of these shows I will shell out for some DVDs, and others I would
not. As time goes on though, for every good show they create, they
create 10-20 bad ones that create a lot noise resulting in an unusable
and useless platform.

### 3.  **I don't want to rely on other platforms that may die and take my data with it.**

A few examples:

MySpace

Vine

If you didn't save everything on your own computer, everything that you
posted will have been lost. Even if you saved every photo and song you
had on MySpace, the profile that you created is now lost.

### 4.  **Privacy concerns**

All of our data is sold to other companies.

### 5.  **The real reason -- I'm addicted.**

I have the attention span that is between a puppy and a goldfish. No
matter how bad I know watching short term content is, my brain frigging
loves it. I had Tiktok, but after deleting it, I haven't really craved
it again.

[Reddit]()

I know most people's problem app is scrolling Instagram. Mine is reddit.
I can read, create, and interact in my niche computer related
communities. I think it's useful for a very minute amount of questions.
For every 5% useful, the 95% is junk. Which makes it just as much a time
sunk as Instagram. It's more useful if I just never use it, as I gain
time in my day. Blogs and YouTube usually have better, and more in depth
explanations and reviews.

[Instagram]()

If I do end up opening Instagram, can be another time sunk now that they
added Reels. I've just added a blocker for reels though.

[YouTube]()

YouTube shorts. Installed a blocker for that as well. Even with the long
term content, it is still a major time sunk though. If I replaced the
amount of YouTube I watch with something productive. I would actually be
produce things.

[Streaming Services]()

Major binge watch sessions may occur. These can disrupt my life. Do I
study or do I watch the new season?

**Conclusion**

I found that physical media took more thought and more effort. Instead
of convenience and boredom, I value the media itself. It allows me more
separation between hobbies and entertainment. Scrolling a social media
platform, or watching hours of content aren't hobbies, they are
convenient entertainment streams. Hobbies are writing this post, or
building this website, or sitting down and engaging in the DVDs of the
shows I truly enjoy.
